---
title: Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement")
layout: home
---

This agreement is based on the Apache Software Foundation Contributor License Agreement. (v r190612)

Thank you for your interest in the Verifiable Credential Management System ("**VCMS**")  stewarded by Adnovum Informatik AG, Zurich, Switzerland, and its affiliates ("**Adnovum**"). This Agreement conveys certain license rights to Adnovum for contributions from any person or entity ("**Contributor**"). The Agreement clarifies the intellectual property right-situation to protect you as a Contributor as well as Adnovum and its users.

This Agreement allows an individual to contribute to Adnovum on that individual’s own behalf, or an entity (the "**Corporation**") to submit Contributions to Adnovum, to authorise Contributions to Adnovum submitted by its designated employees, and to grant copyright and patent licenses thereto. As of the first Contribution submitted to Adnovum, You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions to the Project submitted to Adnovum.

1. **Definitions.** "**You**" (or "**Your**") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorised by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with Adnovum. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "**control**" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity. "**Project**" shall mean the project VCMS owned and managed by Adnovum under the AGPL. "**Contribution**" shall mean any work, as well as any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to Adnovum for inclusion in, or documentation of, the Project and/or any of the products owned or managed by Adnovum (the "**Work**"). For the purposes of this definition, "**submitted**" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Adnovum or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems (such as GitHub), and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Adnovum for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "**Not a Contribution.**"

2. **Grant of Copyright License.** Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Adnovum, and to those who receive the Contribution directly or indirectly from Adnovum, a perpetual, world-wide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable license in the Contribution to reproduce, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, make available and distribute Your Contribution and any derivative works thereof under license terms of Adnovum’s choosing including any Open-Source-Software license. You retain ownership of the Copyright in Your Contribution and have the same rights to use or license the Contribution which You would have had without entering into the Agreement.

3. **Grant of Patent License.** Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Ad-novum, and those who receive the Contribution directly or indirectly from Adnovum, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license under Your patent claims necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone, or by the combination of Your Contribu-tion(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) were submitted, to make, have made, reproduce, adapt, modify, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer or dispose of the Contribution(s) alone or in combination with the Work under license terms of Adnovum’s choosing including any Open-Source-Software license. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or coun-terclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agree-ment for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above license. If You are an individual, and if Your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes Your Contributions, you represent that You have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, or that Your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to Adnovum. If You are a Corporation, any individual who makes a contribution from an account associated with You will be considered authorized to Contribute on Your behalf.

5. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others).

6. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to Adnovum separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8. **Notice to Adnovum.** You agree to notify Adnovum in writing of any facts or circumstances of which You later become aware that would make Your representations in this Agreement inaccurate in any respect.

9. **Information about Contributions.** You agree that Contributions and information about Contributions may be maintained indefinitely and disclosed publicly, including Your name and other information that You submit with Your Contribution.

10. **Governing Law/Jurisdiction.** All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including disputes regarding its conclusion, validity, binding effect, amendment, breach, termination or rescission shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland, the venue being Zurich. This Agreement shall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance with Swiss law.
